com/example/thingsboard/databinding/SpinnerItemBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.SpinnerItemBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ActivityDevices4017Binding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ActivityDevices4017Binding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/MenuFragementBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.MenuFragementBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/Modbus4017SensorBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.Modbus4017SensorBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/RecyclerItemBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.RecyclerItemBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ActivityDevicesRgbBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ActivityDevicesRgbBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/BeidouItemBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.BeidouItemBinding
com/example/menu/Add_Connect.java
 com.example.menu.Add_Connect
 com.example.menu.Add_Connect$1
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/LedDisplayDialogBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.LedDisplayDialogBinding
com/example/fragement/Led_fragement.java
 com.example.fragement.Led_fragement
 com.example.fragement.Led_fragement$1
 com.example.fragement.Led_fragement$MyRecycler
 com.example.fragement.Led_fragement$MyRecycler$1
 com.example.fragement.Led_fragement$MyRecycler$ViewHolder
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/HistoryDataBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.HistoryDataBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/PopupwindowBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.PopupwindowBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/LedItemDataBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.LedItemDataBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ModbusSensorDialogBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ModbusSensorDialogBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ModbusKongDialogBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ModbusKongDialogBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ColorPickBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ColorPickBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ActivityHistoryBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ActivityHistoryBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/RecyclerDevice4017Binding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.RecyclerDevice4017Binding
com/example/thingsboard/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.thingsboard.BuildConfig
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/AddDevicesBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.AddDevicesBinding
com/example/menu/Connect.java
 com.example.menu.Connect
 com.example.menu.Connect$1
 com.example.menu.Connect$2
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/AddConnectBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.AddConnectBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/LedDataFragementBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.LedDataFragementBinding
com/example/devices/Devices_RGB.java
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB$3
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB$4
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB$MyDialog
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB$MyDialog$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB$MyDialog$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB$mDialog
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB$mDialog$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_RGB$mDialog$2
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/LedFragementBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.LedFragementBinding
com/example/bianji/led_fragement.java
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$1
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$2
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$Led_Dialog
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$MyRecycler
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$MyRecycler$1
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$MyRecycler$2
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$MyRecycler$Viewholder
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$bianji_Led_Dialog
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$bianji_connect
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$bianji_connect$1
 com.example.bianji.led_fragement$bianji_connect$2
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ModbusConnectBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ModbusConnectBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ActivityDataBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ActivityDataBinding
com/example/devices/Devices_4150.java
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$3
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Kong_dialog
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Kong_dialog$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Kong_dialog$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Kong_dialog$3
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Kong_dialog$4
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Kong_dialog$5
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Recycler_adapter
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Recycler_adapter$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Recycler_adapter$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Recycler_adapter$3
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Recycler_adapter$4
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$Recycler_adapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$bianji_Dialog
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$bianji_Dialog$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$bianji_Dialog$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$bianji_Dialog$3
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$bianji_Kong_dialog
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$bianji_Kong_dialog$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$bianji_Kong_dialog$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$bianji_Kong_dialog$3
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$bianji_Kong_dialog$4
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$bianji_Kong_dialog$5
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$mDialog
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$mDialog$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$mDialog$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_4150$mDialog$3
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/LedItemBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.LedItemBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/BianjiConnectBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.BianjiConnectBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/BianjiBeidouBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.BianjiBeidouBinding
com/example/devices/Devices_4017.java
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$Sensor_4017_dialog
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$Sensor_4017_dialog$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$Sensor_4017_dialog$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$Sensor_4017_dialog$3
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$bianji_4017_dialog
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$bianji_4017_dialog$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$bianji_4017_dialog$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$bianji_4017_dialog$3
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$mRecycler
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$mRecycler$1
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$mRecycler$2
 com.example.devices.Devices_4017$mRecycler$mViewHolder
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/DeviceListBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.DeviceListBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ModbusRgbBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ModbusRgbBinding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/ActivityDevices4150Binding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.ActivityDevices4150Binding
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/SensorBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.SensorBinding
com/example/bianji/modbus_fragement.java
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$1
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$2
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$Adapter
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$Adapter$1
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$Adapter$2
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$Adapter$3
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$Adapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$bianji_Dialog
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$bianji_Dialog$1
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$bianji_Dialog$2
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$bianji_connect
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$bianji_connect$1
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$bianji_connect$2
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$bianji_connect$3
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$mDialog
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$mDialog$1
 com.example.bianji.modbus_fragement$mDialog$2
com/example/bianji/beidou_fragement.java
 com.example.bianji.beidou_fragement
 com.example.bianji.beidou_fragement$1
 com.example.bianji.beidou_fragement$MyRecyclerView
 com.example.bianji.beidou_fragement$MyRecyclerView$ViewHolder
 com.example.bianji.beidou_fragement$add_beidou_device
 com.example.bianji.beidou_fragement$bianji_connect
 com.example.bianji.beidou_fragement$bianji_connect$1
 com.example.bianji.beidou_fragement$bianji_connect$2
com/example/thingsboard/databinding/BianjiModbusBinding.java
 com.example.thingsboard.databinding.BianjiModbusBinding
com/example/fragement/Modbus_fragement.java
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$1
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$MyRecyclerView
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$MyRecyclerView$1
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$MyRecyclerView$2
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$MyRecyclerView$3
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$MyRecyclerView$4
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$MyRecyclerView$5
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$MyRecyclerView$6
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$MyRecyclerView$ViewHolder
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$Recive_thread
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$Recive_thread$1
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$Recive_thread$2
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$hanlder
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$mDialog
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$mDialog$1
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$mDialog$2
 com.example.fragement.Modbus_fragement$mThread
com/example/thingsboard/History.java
 com.example.thingsboard.History
 com.example.thingsboard.History$1
 com.example.thingsboard.History$2
 com.example.thingsboard.History$MAdapter
 com.example.thingsboard.History$MyRecyclerView
 com.example.thingsboard.History$MyRecyclerView$ViewHolder
com/example/data/Data.java
 com.example.data.Data
 com.example.data.Data$1
 com.example.data.Data$2
 com.example.data.Data$MySQL
com/example/thingsboard/Menu.java
 com.example.thingsboard.Menu
 com.example.thingsboard.Menu$1
 com.example.thingsboard.Menu$mAdapter
 com.example.thingsboard.Menu$mAdapter$mViewHolder
 com.example.thingsboard.Menu$mAdapter$mViewHolder$1
